README.rst, before:

|Code_of_Conduct| |AppVeyor| |Azure_Pipelines| |Travis_CI| |Read_the_Docs|

.. image:: FRUT.svg
  :target: https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT
  :alt: FRUT

FRUT makes it easy to build `JUCE`_ projects using `CMake`_ instead of `Projucer`_. It
enables more flexibility in project architecture, simplified CI setup, and easier
integration with other JUCE and non-JUCE projects. Converting an existing JUCE project to
FRUT is easy, and you don't need to be a CMake expert to use it!


**In short**

- *Requirements*

  - CMake (3.4 minimum, or `higher depending on the target platform
    <#supported-projucer-exporters>`__)
  - JUCE (4.2.0 minimum)

- *Supported platforms*

  - iOS
  - Linux
  - macOS
  - Windows (MSVC and MinGW)

- *Documentation* - https://frut.readthedocs.io
- *Contributing*

  - Contributions are welcome! See `CONTRIBUTING.md`_ for more details.
  - `All contributors are recognized <#contributors>`__


**Table of Contents**

.. contents::
  :local:
  :backlinks: none


Background
----------

`JUCE`_ comes with its own project generation tool, `Projucer`_, which is very useful when
starting a JUCE project. However, Projucer doesn't scale well when you want to make some
aspects of your project configurable, when you want to add external libraries, when you
want to use Continuous Integration, or when you want to manage several projects at once.

FRUT was created to overcome these limitations, while making it very easy to migrate an
existing JUCE project that uses Projucer. Since FRUT is based on `CMake`_, you also get
access to many great features of CMake, including `testing
<https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/manual/ctest.1.html>`__ and `packaging
<https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/manual/cpack.1.html>`__ utilities.


Contents
--------

FRUT currently contains:

- ``Jucer2CMake``, a console application that converts ``.jucer`` project files into
  ready-to-use ``CMakeLists.txt`` files,

- ``Reprojucer.cmake``, a CMake module that provides high-level functions to reproduce
  how a JUCE project is defined in Projucer,

- ``Jucer2Reprojucer``, a console application that converts ``.jucer`` project files into
  ready-to-use ``CMakeLists.txt`` files that include and use ``Reprojucer.cmake``,

- several ``CMakeLists.txt`` files generated from existing ``.jucer`` project files,
  including:

  - ``examples`` and ``extras`` projects from `JUCE 4.2.0`_ (in `generated/JUCE-4.2.0`_)
  - ``examples`` and ``extras`` projects from `JUCE 4.3.1`_ (in `generated/JUCE-4.3.1`_)
  - ``examples`` and ``extras`` projects from `JUCE 5.0.0`_ (in `generated/JUCE-5.0.0`_)
  - ``examples`` and ``extras`` projects from `JUCE 5.2.1`_ (in `generated/JUCE-5.2.1`_)
  - ``examples`` and ``extras`` projects from `JUCE 5.3.1`_ (in `generated/JUCE-5.3.1`_)
  - ``examples`` and ``extras`` projects from `JUCE 5.4.3`_ (in `generated/JUCE-5.4.3`_)
  - ``examples`` and ``extras`` projects from `JUCE 5.4.7`_ (in `generated/JUCE-5.4.7`_)


Requirements
------------

- CMake, version 3.4 minimum
- JUCE, version 4.2.0 minimum


Supported Projucer exporters
----------------------------

``Jucer2CMake``, ``Reprojucer.cmake``, and ``Jucer2Reprojucer`` support the following
Projucer exporters (also known as "export targets"):

.. raw:: html

  <table>
  <thead>
    <tr><th>Supported</th><th>Exporter</th><th>CMake requirements and options</th><th>Missing features</th></tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr><td align="center">✔️</td><td>Xcode (MacOSX)</td><td></td><td rowspan="2">
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/labels/exporter%3A%20Xcode">2 unsupported Xcode exporter settings</a>
    </td></tr>
    <tr><td align="center">✔️</td><td>Xcode (iOS)</td><td>version 3.14 minimum<br/><pre>-G Xcode -DCMAKE_SYSTEM_NAME=iOS</pre></td></tr>
    <tr><td align="center">✔️</td><td>Visual Studio 2019</td><td>version 3.14 minimum</td><td></td></tr>
    <tr><td align="center">✔️</td><td>Visual Studio 2017</td><td>version 3.7 minimum<br/>(3.13.3 when VS&nbsp;2019 is installed)</td><td></td></tr>
    <tr><td align="center">✔️</td><td>Visual Studio 2015</td><td></td><td></td></tr>
    <tr><td align="center">✔️</td><td>Visual Studio 2013</td><td></td><td></td></tr>
    <tr><td align="center">✔️</td><td>Linux Makefile</td><td></td><td></td></tr>
    <tr><td align="center">❌</td><td>Android</td><td></td><td></td></tr>
    <tr><td align="center">✔️</td><td>Code::Blocks&nbsp;(Windows)</td><td></td><td></td></tr>
    <tr><td align="center">✔️</td><td>Code::Blocks&nbsp;(Linux)</td><td></td><td></td></tr>
  </tbody>
  </table>


Documentation
-------------

You can read the documentation of FRUT on Read the Docs: https://frut.readthedocs.io


Getting started
---------------

Let's consider that you have a copy of `JUCE`_, a copy of `FRUT`_ and a JUCE project
called ``MyGreatProject`` following this folder structure: ::

  <root>
  ├── FRUT/
  ├── JUCE/
  └── MyGreatProject/
      ├── Source/
      └── MyGreatProject.jucer

We first build and install FRUT with CMake: ::

  $ cd <root>/FRUT/

  $ mkdir build && cd build/

  $ cmake .. -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX="../prefix" -DJUCE_ROOT="../../JUCE"
  ...
  -- Configuring done
  -- Generating done
  -- Build files have been written to: <root>/FRUT/build

  $ cmake --build . --target install
  ...

If it fails to build and install, please report the problem by creating a new issue on
GitHub: https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues/new.

Then we convert ``MyGreatProject.jucer`` to a new ``CMakeLists.txt`` file: ::

  $ cd <root>/MyGreatProject/

  $ ../FRUT/prefix/FRUT/bin/Jucer2CMake reprojucer MyGreatProject.jucer ../FRUT/prefix/FRUT/cmake/Reprojucer.cmake

  <root>/MyGreatProject/CMakeLists.txt has been successfully generated.

Now we can build ``MyGreatProject`` using CMake: ::

  $ cd <root>/MyGreatProject/

  $ mkdir build && cd build/

  $ cmake .. -G<generator>
  ...
  -- Configuring done
  -- Generating done
  -- Build files have been written to: <root>/MyGreatProject/build

  $ cmake --build .
  ...

``<generator>`` can be one of many `CMake Generators`_ supported by your platform,
including Ninja, NMake Makefiles (on Windows), Unix Makefiles (on Linux and macOS), Visual
Studio 2013, 2015, 2017 and 2019 (on Windows), and Xcode (on macOS).


Contributing
------------

Contributions to FRUT are very welcomed and you can contribute even if you don't know
anything about CMake. See the `CONTRIBUTING.md`_ file for more details.


Contributors
------------

FRUT follows the `all-contributors`_ specification and is brought to you by these awesome
contributors:

.. raw:: html

  <table>
  <tbody align="center">
  <tr>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin"><img src="https://github.com/McMartin.png" width="100"><br />Alain Martin</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/pulls?q=state%3Amerged+author%3AMcMartin" title="Code">💻</a>
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/pulls?q=state%3Amerged+reviewed-by%3AMcMartin+-author%3AMcMartin+" title="Pull Request reviews">👀</a>
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/commits/master/docs?author=McMartin" title="Documentation">📖</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/MartyLake"><img src="https://github.com/MartyLake.png" width="100"><br />Matthieu Talbot</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/pulls?q=state%3Amerged+reviewed-by%3AMartyLake+-author%3AMartyLake+" title="Pull Request reviews">👀</a>
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/pulls?q=state%3Amerged+author%3AMartyLake" title="Code">💻</a>
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3AMartyLake" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/gonzaloflirt"><img src="https://github.com/gonzaloflirt.png" width="100"><br />Florian Goltz</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/pulls?q=state%3Amerged+author%3Agonzaloflirt" title="Code">💻</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/WGuLL"><img src="https://github.com/WGuLL.png" width="100"><br />Fabien Roussel</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3AWGuLL" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/pulls?q=state%3Amerged+reviewed-by%3AWGuLL+-author%3AWGuLL+" title="Pull Request reviews">👀</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/Xav83"><img src="https://github.com/Xav83.png" width="100"><br />Xavier Jouvenot</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3AXav83" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/pulls?q=state%3Amerged+reviewed-by%3AXav83+-author%3AXav83+" title="Pull Request reviews">👀</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/lethal-guitar"><img src="https://github.com/lethal-guitar.png" width="100"><br />Nikolai Wuttke</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/pulls?q=state%3Amerged+reviewed-by%3Alethal-guitar+-author%3Alethal-guitar+" title="Pull Request reviews">👀</a>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/PioBeat"><img src="https://github.com/PioBeat.png" width="100"><br />Dominik Grzelak</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3APioBeat" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/dscheffer"><img src="https://github.com/dscheffer.png" width="100"><br />Dennis Scheffer</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Adscheffer" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/pulls?q=state%3Amerged+author%3Adscheffer" title="Code">💻</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/scotchi"><img src="https://github.com/scotchi.png" width="100"><br />Scott Wheeler</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/pulls?q=state%3Amerged+author%3Ascotchi" title="Code">💻</a>
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Ascotchi" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/IqraShahzad1"><img src="https://github.com/IqraShahzad1.png" width="100"><br />Iqra Shahzad</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3AIqraShahzad1" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/rclement"><img src="https://github.com/rclement.png" width="100"><br />Romain Clement</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Arclement" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/stijnfrishert"><img src="https://github.com/stijnfrishert.png" width="100"><br />Stijn Frishert</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Astijnfrishert" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/czyjerry"><img src="https://github.com/czyjerry.png" width="100"><br />Jerry Chan</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Aczyjerry" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/pulls?q=state%3Amerged+reviewed-by%3Aczyjerry+-author%3Aczyjerry+" title="Pull Request reviews">👀</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/franklange"><img src="https://github.com/franklange.png" width="100"><br />Frank Lange</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Afranklange" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/TheSlowGrowth"><img src="https://github.com/TheSlowGrowth.png" width="100"><br />Johannes Elliesen</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3ATheSlowGrowth" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/pulls?q=state%3Amerged+author%3ATheSlowGrowth" title="Code">💻</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/DustVoice"><img src="https://github.com/DustVoice.png" width="100"><br />David Holland</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/pulls?q=state%3Amerged+author%3ADustVoice" title="Code">💻</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/dimitrisudell"><img src="https://github.com/dimitrisudell.png" width="100"><br />Dimitri Sudell</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Adimitrisudell" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/danra"><img src="https://github.com/danra.png" width="100"><br />Dan Raviv</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Adanra" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/pulls?q=state%3Amerged+reviewed-by%3Adanra+-author%3Adanra+" title="Pull Request reviews">👀</a>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/rorywalsh"><img src="https://github.com/rorywalsh.png" width="100"><br />Rory Walsh</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Arorywalsh" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/eyalamirmusic"><img src="https://github.com/eyalamirmusic.png" width="100"><br />Eyal Amir</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Aeyalamirmusic" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/mhetrick"><img src="https://github.com/mhetrick.png" width="100"><br />Michael Hetrick</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Amhetrick" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/importjingles"><img src="https://github.com/importjingles.png" width="100"><br />Alex</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/pulls?q=state%3Amerged+author%3Aimportjingles" title="Code">💻</a>
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/pulls?q=state%3Amerged+reviewed-by%3Aimportjingles+-author%3Aimportjingles+" title="Pull Request reviews">👀</a>
    </td>
    <td>
    </td>
    <td>
    </td>
  </tr>
  </tbody>
  </table>


License
-------

|GPLv3|

FRUT is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU
General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of
the License, or (at your option) any later version.

FRUT is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without
even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
`LICENSE`_ file for more details.


.. |Code_of_Conduct| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20of%20conduct-Contributor%20Covenant-blue.svg?style=flat
  :target: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
  :alt: Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct

.. |AppVeyor| image:: https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/McMartin/frut?branch=master&svg=true
  :target: https://ci.appveyor.com/project/McMartin/frut
  :alt: AppVeyor build status

.. |Azure_Pipelines| image:: https://dev.azure.com/McMartin/FRUT/_apis/build/status/McMartin.FRUT?branchName=master
  :target: https://dev.azure.com/McMartin/FRUT/_build?definitionId=2
  :alt: Azure Pipelines build status

.. |Travis_CI| image:: https://travis-ci.org/McMartin/FRUT.svg?branch=master
  :target: https://travis-ci.org/McMartin/FRUT
  :alt: Travis CI build status

.. |Read_the_Docs| image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/frut/badge/?version=latest
  :target: https://frut.readthedocs.io
  :alt: Documentation status

.. |GPLv3| image:: https://www.gnu.org/graphics/gplv3-127x51.png
  :target: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
  :alt: GNU General Public License

.. _CONTRIBUTING.md: CONTRIBUTING.md
.. _LICENSE: LICENSE
.. _generated/JUCE-4.2.0: generated/JUCE-4.2.0
.. _generated/JUCE-4.3.1: generated/JUCE-4.3.1
.. _generated/JUCE-5.0.0: generated/JUCE-5.0.0
.. _generated/JUCE-5.2.1: generated/JUCE-5.2.1
.. _generated/JUCE-5.3.1: generated/JUCE-5.3.1
.. _generated/JUCE-5.4.3: generated/JUCE-5.4.3
.. _generated/JUCE-5.4.7: generated/JUCE-5.4.7

.. _CMake Generators: https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/manual/cmake-generators.7.html
.. _CMake: https://cmake.org
.. _FRUT: https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT
.. _JUCE 4.2.0: https://github.com/juce-framework/JUCE/tree/4.2.0
.. _JUCE 4.3.1: https://github.com/juce-framework/JUCE/tree/4.3.1
.. _JUCE 5.0.0: https://github.com/juce-framework/JUCE/tree/5.0.0
.. _JUCE 5.2.1: https://github.com/juce-framework/JUCE/tree/5.2.1
.. _JUCE 5.3.1: https://github.com/juce-framework/JUCE/tree/5.3.1
.. _JUCE 5.4.3: https://github.com/juce-framework/JUCE/tree/5.4.3
.. _JUCE 5.4.7: https://github.com/juce-framework/JUCE/tree/5.4.7
.. _JUCE: https://github.com/juce-framework/JUCE
.. _Projucer: https://juce.com/discover/projucer
.. _all-contributors: https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors

Commit message:

Mark Jucer2Reprojucer as deprecated
We will keep it in the repository for about 6 months and remove it at
the beginning of 2021.

README.rst, after:

|Code_of_Conduct| |AppVeyor| |Azure_Pipelines| |Travis_CI| |Read_the_Docs|

.. image:: FRUT.svg
  :target: https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT
  :alt: FRUT

FRUT makes it easy to build `JUCE`_ projects using `CMake`_ instead of `Projucer`_. It
enables more flexibility in project architecture, simplified CI setup, and easier
integration with other JUCE and non-JUCE projects. Converting an existing JUCE project to
FRUT is easy, and you don't need to be a CMake expert to use it!


**In short**

- *Requirements*

  - CMake (3.4 minimum, or `higher depending on the target platform
    <#supported-projucer-exporters>`__)
  - JUCE (4.2.0 minimum)

- *Supported platforms*

  - iOS
  - Linux
  - macOS
  - Windows (MSVC and MinGW)

- *Documentation* - https://frut.readthedocs.io
- *Contributing*

  - Contributions are welcome! See `CONTRIBUTING.md`_ for more details.
  - `All contributors are recognized <#contributors>`__


**Table of Contents**

.. contents::
  :local:
  :backlinks: none


Background
----------

`JUCE`_ comes with its own project generation tool, `Projucer`_, which is very useful when
starting a JUCE project. However, Projucer doesn't scale well when you want to make some
aspects of your project configurable, when you want to add external libraries, when you
want to use Continuous Integration, or when you want to manage several projects at once.

FRUT was created to overcome these limitations, while making it very easy to migrate an
existing JUCE project that uses Projucer. Since FRUT is based on `CMake`_, you also get
access to many great features of CMake, including `testing
<https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/manual/ctest.1.html>`__ and `packaging
<https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/manual/cpack.1.html>`__ utilities.


Contents
--------

FRUT currently contains:

- ``Jucer2CMake``, a console application that converts ``.jucer`` project files into
  ready-to-use ``CMakeLists.txt`` files,

- ``Reprojucer.cmake``, a CMake module that provides high-level functions to reproduce
  how a JUCE project is defined in Projucer,

- ``Jucer2Reprojucer`` (deprecated in favor of ``Jucer2CMake``), a console application
  that converts ``.jucer`` project files into ready-to-use ``CMakeLists.txt`` files that
  include and use ``Reprojucer.cmake``,

- several ``CMakeLists.txt`` files generated from existing ``.jucer`` project files,
  including:

  - ``examples`` and ``extras`` projects from `JUCE 4.2.0`_ (in `generated/JUCE-4.2.0`_)
  - ``examples`` and ``extras`` projects from `JUCE 4.3.1`_ (in `generated/JUCE-4.3.1`_)
  - ``examples`` and ``extras`` projects from `JUCE 5.0.0`_ (in `generated/JUCE-5.0.0`_)
  - ``examples`` and ``extras`` projects from `JUCE 5.2.1`_ (in `generated/JUCE-5.2.1`_)
  - ``examples`` and ``extras`` projects from `JUCE 5.3.1`_ (in `generated/JUCE-5.3.1`_)
  - ``examples`` and ``extras`` projects from `JUCE 5.4.3`_ (in `generated/JUCE-5.4.3`_)
  - ``examples`` and ``extras`` projects from `JUCE 5.4.7`_ (in `generated/JUCE-5.4.7`_)


Requirements
------------

- CMake, version 3.4 minimum
- JUCE, version 4.2.0 minimum


Supported Projucer exporters
----------------------------

``Jucer2CMake``, ``Reprojucer.cmake``, and ``Jucer2Reprojucer`` (deprecated in favor of
``Jucer2CMake``) support the following Projucer exporters (also known as "export
targets"):

.. raw:: html

  <table>
  <thead>
    <tr><th>Supported</th><th>Exporter</th><th>CMake requirements and options</th><th>Missing features</th></tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr><td align="center">✔️</td><td>Xcode (MacOSX)</td><td></td><td rowspan="2">
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/labels/exporter%3A%20Xcode">2 unsupported Xcode exporter settings</a>
    </td></tr>
    <tr><td align="center">✔️</td><td>Xcode (iOS)</td><td>version 3.14 minimum<br/><pre>-G Xcode -DCMAKE_SYSTEM_NAME=iOS</pre></td></tr>
    <tr><td align="center">✔️</td><td>Visual Studio 2019</td><td>version 3.14 minimum</td><td></td></tr>
    <tr><td align="center">✔️</td><td>Visual Studio 2017</td><td>version 3.7 minimum<br/>(3.13.3 when VS&nbsp;2019 is installed)</td><td></td></tr>
    <tr><td align="center">✔️</td><td>Visual Studio 2015</td><td></td><td></td></tr>
    <tr><td align="center">✔️</td><td>Visual Studio 2013</td><td></td><td></td></tr>
    <tr><td align="center">✔️</td><td>Linux Makefile</td><td></td><td></td></tr>
    <tr><td align="center">❌</td><td>Android</td><td></td><td></td></tr>
    <tr><td align="center">✔️</td><td>Code::Blocks&nbsp;(Windows)</td><td></td><td></td></tr>
    <tr><td align="center">✔️</td><td>Code::Blocks&nbsp;(Linux)</td><td></td><td></td></tr>
  </tbody>
  </table>


Documentation
-------------

You can read the documentation of FRUT on Read the Docs: https://frut.readthedocs.io


Getting started
---------------

Let's consider that you have a copy of `JUCE`_, a copy of `FRUT`_ and a JUCE project
called ``MyGreatProject`` following this folder structure: ::

  <root>
  ├── FRUT/
  ├── JUCE/
  └── MyGreatProject/
      ├── Source/
      └── MyGreatProject.jucer

We first build and install FRUT with CMake: ::

  $ cd <root>/FRUT/

  $ mkdir build && cd build/

  $ cmake .. -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX="../prefix" -DJUCE_ROOT="../../JUCE"
  ...
  -- Configuring done
  -- Generating done
  -- Build files have been written to: <root>/FRUT/build

  $ cmake --build . --target install
  ...

If it fails to build and install, please report the problem by creating a new issue on
GitHub: https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues/new.

Then we convert ``MyGreatProject.jucer`` to a new ``CMakeLists.txt`` file: ::

  $ cd <root>/MyGreatProject/

  $ ../FRUT/prefix/FRUT/bin/Jucer2CMake reprojucer MyGreatProject.jucer ../FRUT/prefix/FRUT/cmake/Reprojucer.cmake

  <root>/MyGreatProject/CMakeLists.txt has been successfully generated.

Now we can build ``MyGreatProject`` using CMake: ::

  $ cd <root>/MyGreatProject/

  $ mkdir build && cd build/

  $ cmake .. -G<generator>
  ...
  -- Configuring done
  -- Generating done
  -- Build files have been written to: <root>/MyGreatProject/build

  $ cmake --build .
  ...

``<generator>`` can be one of many `CMake Generators`_ supported by your platform,
including Ninja, NMake Makefiles (on Windows), Unix Makefiles (on Linux and macOS), Visual
Studio 2013, 2015, 2017 and 2019 (on Windows), and Xcode (on macOS).


Contributing
------------

Contributions to FRUT are very welcomed and you can contribute even if you don't know
anything about CMake. See the `CONTRIBUTING.md`_ file for more details.


Contributors
------------

FRUT follows the `all-contributors`_ specification and is brought to you by these awesome
contributors:

.. raw:: html

  <table>
  <tbody align="center">
  <tr>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin"><img src="https://github.com/McMartin.png" width="100"><br />Alain Martin</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/pulls?q=state%3Amerged+author%3AMcMartin" title="Code">💻</a>
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/pulls?q=state%3Amerged+reviewed-by%3AMcMartin+-author%3AMcMartin+" title="Pull Request reviews">👀</a>
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/commits/master/docs?author=McMartin" title="Documentation">📖</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/MartyLake"><img src="https://github.com/MartyLake.png" width="100"><br />Matthieu Talbot</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/pulls?q=state%3Amerged+reviewed-by%3AMartyLake+-author%3AMartyLake+" title="Pull Request reviews">👀</a>
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/pulls?q=state%3Amerged+author%3AMartyLake" title="Code">💻</a>
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3AMartyLake" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/gonzaloflirt"><img src="https://github.com/gonzaloflirt.png" width="100"><br />Florian Goltz</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/pulls?q=state%3Amerged+author%3Agonzaloflirt" title="Code">💻</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/WGuLL"><img src="https://github.com/WGuLL.png" width="100"><br />Fabien Roussel</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3AWGuLL" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/pulls?q=state%3Amerged+reviewed-by%3AWGuLL+-author%3AWGuLL+" title="Pull Request reviews">👀</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/Xav83"><img src="https://github.com/Xav83.png" width="100"><br />Xavier Jouvenot</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3AXav83" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/pulls?q=state%3Amerged+reviewed-by%3AXav83+-author%3AXav83+" title="Pull Request reviews">👀</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/lethal-guitar"><img src="https://github.com/lethal-guitar.png" width="100"><br />Nikolai Wuttke</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/pulls?q=state%3Amerged+reviewed-by%3Alethal-guitar+-author%3Alethal-guitar+" title="Pull Request reviews">👀</a>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/PioBeat"><img src="https://github.com/PioBeat.png" width="100"><br />Dominik Grzelak</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3APioBeat" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/dscheffer"><img src="https://github.com/dscheffer.png" width="100"><br />Dennis Scheffer</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Adscheffer" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/pulls?q=state%3Amerged+author%3Adscheffer" title="Code">💻</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/scotchi"><img src="https://github.com/scotchi.png" width="100"><br />Scott Wheeler</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/pulls?q=state%3Amerged+author%3Ascotchi" title="Code">💻</a>
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Ascotchi" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/IqraShahzad1"><img src="https://github.com/IqraShahzad1.png" width="100"><br />Iqra Shahzad</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3AIqraShahzad1" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/rclement"><img src="https://github.com/rclement.png" width="100"><br />Romain Clement</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Arclement" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/stijnfrishert"><img src="https://github.com/stijnfrishert.png" width="100"><br />Stijn Frishert</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Astijnfrishert" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/czyjerry"><img src="https://github.com/czyjerry.png" width="100"><br />Jerry Chan</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Aczyjerry" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/pulls?q=state%3Amerged+reviewed-by%3Aczyjerry+-author%3Aczyjerry+" title="Pull Request reviews">👀</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/franklange"><img src="https://github.com/franklange.png" width="100"><br />Frank Lange</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Afranklange" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/TheSlowGrowth"><img src="https://github.com/TheSlowGrowth.png" width="100"><br />Johannes Elliesen</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3ATheSlowGrowth" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/pulls?q=state%3Amerged+author%3ATheSlowGrowth" title="Code">💻</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/DustVoice"><img src="https://github.com/DustVoice.png" width="100"><br />David Holland</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/pulls?q=state%3Amerged+author%3ADustVoice" title="Code">💻</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/dimitrisudell"><img src="https://github.com/dimitrisudell.png" width="100"><br />Dimitri Sudell</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Adimitrisudell" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/danra"><img src="https://github.com/danra.png" width="100"><br />Dan Raviv</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Adanra" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/pulls?q=state%3Amerged+reviewed-by%3Adanra+-author%3Adanra+" title="Pull Request reviews">👀</a>
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/rorywalsh"><img src="https://github.com/rorywalsh.png" width="100"><br />Rory Walsh</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Arorywalsh" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/eyalamirmusic"><img src="https://github.com/eyalamirmusic.png" width="100"><br />Eyal Amir</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Aeyalamirmusic" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/mhetrick"><img src="https://github.com/mhetrick.png" width="100"><br />Michael Hetrick</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/issues?q=is%3Aissue+author%3Amhetrick" title="Bug reports">🐛</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      <a href="https://github.com/importjingles"><img src="https://github.com/importjingles.png" width="100"><br />Alex</a>
      <br />
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/pulls?q=state%3Amerged+author%3Aimportjingles" title="Code">💻</a>
      <a href="https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT/pulls?q=state%3Amerged+reviewed-by%3Aimportjingles+-author%3Aimportjingles+" title="Pull Request reviews">👀</a>
    </td>
    <td>
    </td>
    <td>
    </td>
  </tr>
  </tbody>
  </table>


License
-------

|GPLv3|

FRUT is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU
General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of
the License, or (at your option) any later version.

FRUT is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without
even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
`LICENSE`_ file for more details.


.. |Code_of_Conduct| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20of%20conduct-Contributor%20Covenant-blue.svg?style=flat
  :target: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
  :alt: Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct

.. |AppVeyor| image:: https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/McMartin/frut?branch=master&svg=true
  :target: https://ci.appveyor.com/project/McMartin/frut
  :alt: AppVeyor build status

.. |Azure_Pipelines| image:: https://dev.azure.com/McMartin/FRUT/_apis/build/status/McMartin.FRUT?branchName=master
  :target: https://dev.azure.com/McMartin/FRUT/_build?definitionId=2
  :alt: Azure Pipelines build status

.. |Travis_CI| image:: https://travis-ci.org/McMartin/FRUT.svg?branch=master
  :target: https://travis-ci.org/McMartin/FRUT
  :alt: Travis CI build status

.. |Read_the_Docs| image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/frut/badge/?version=latest
  :target: https://frut.readthedocs.io
  :alt: Documentation status

.. |GPLv3| image:: https://www.gnu.org/graphics/gplv3-127x51.png
  :target: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html
  :alt: GNU General Public License

.. _CONTRIBUTING.md: CONTRIBUTING.md
.. _LICENSE: LICENSE
.. _generated/JUCE-4.2.0: generated/JUCE-4.2.0
.. _generated/JUCE-4.3.1: generated/JUCE-4.3.1
.. _generated/JUCE-5.0.0: generated/JUCE-5.0.0
.. _generated/JUCE-5.2.1: generated/JUCE-5.2.1
.. _generated/JUCE-5.3.1: generated/JUCE-5.3.1
.. _generated/JUCE-5.4.3: generated/JUCE-5.4.3
.. _generated/JUCE-5.4.7: generated/JUCE-5.4.7

.. _CMake Generators: https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/manual/cmake-generators.7.html
.. _CMake: https://cmake.org
.. _FRUT: https://github.com/McMartin/FRUT
.. _JUCE 4.2.0: https://github.com/juce-framework/JUCE/tree/4.2.0
.. _JUCE 4.3.1: https://github.com/juce-framework/JUCE/tree/4.3.1
.. _JUCE 5.0.0: https://github.com/juce-framework/JUCE/tree/5.0.0
.. _JUCE 5.2.1: https://github.com/juce-framework/JUCE/tree/5.2.1
.. _JUCE 5.3.1: https://github.com/juce-framework/JUCE/tree/5.3.1
.. _JUCE 5.4.3: https://github.com/juce-framework/JUCE/tree/5.4.3
.. _JUCE 5.4.7: https://github.com/juce-framework/JUCE/tree/5.4.7
.. _JUCE: https://github.com/juce-framework/JUCE
.. _Projucer: https://juce.com/discover/projucer
.. _all-contributors: https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors
